Someone must have done it.
I am always on site.
If someone does something, I won't know.
Are you sure you are always at the construction site?
Of course.
There is no reason to add a few cultural relics
There must be someone involved.
I have followed the old man for so long.
Doubt me.
Don't get so worked up.
I don't know, I thought you did something wrong.
Who are you?
Is there somewhere to talk here? He is my friend.
His word is my word.
If you all doubt me I give up.
Stop! Who gave you permission to go?
What do you want?
Does that thing around your neck feel uncomfortable?
I don't understand what you are saying.
Die in the end still have a hard mouth
You can bear the pain of daily concentration for a few more days.
You better tell the truth.
Maybe I can still save you.
What's up?
Even if you don't say it.
We can also find instructions behind.
Your life is no longer ours for the time being.
Hurry up and tell me the old man is Trieu Thien Hung.
He threatened me with poison.
He said if I didn't help, he would die.